1. Based on the SMART framework, which questions are most important to ask? 
Specific -  Add as much context as you can 
Measurable - Talk in numbers to have something concrete 
Action-oriented - Does the question influence creation of different or new feature packages?
Relevant - Give context and be specific 
Time-bound - Give a time period that should be studied

2. How will these questions clarify the requirements and goals for the project?
They will give a very action oriented plan so that we can know exactly what needs to be achieved in the next steps of the project.

3. How does asking detailed, specific questions benefit you when planning for a project? Can vague or unclear questions harm a project?
They provide us with an accurate data which is of the utmost information in order to make a decision. 
Apart from that they are time bound and consider the exact time which we need to resolve in our original statement. 


1. What SMART questions did you ask? How did these questions tie into the field of the person you chatted with? 
I took a course in Data visualizations with one of the professor at my university. 
What are the new developments and tools that have been released after 2019 that can be learned in order to get a better handle on the subject. 
She was very thrilled and gave me some really helpful insights which led me here and also helped me through my course.

2. What insights did you discover during your conversation? 
She was more than happy to answer my question. 
It lead to another question being "Are there some tools that we can learn apart from the new ones that are considered as company standards for 
most of the companies that work in that domain ?". She gave me an extra project where I had a word with her fellow working at MU sigma and gave 
me a better understanding of the question I posed.

3. How did the SMART framework help you arrive at your conclusions?
My questions were time bound and had a lot of context. 
They lead to a quick action where I got the name of the tools that would help me in my curriculum but also something that I can learn and apply 
in the field. 