Recently I have come in my final semester and need a job. I have kept a record of the entire job hunt on Excel. I have used multiple attributes such as date applied, referrals, Company name, status of application and the link to check the update on my application. 
This has been extremely useful for me as I have increased the number of calls and worked harder on my Resume depending upon the data available to me on the spreadsheet. 

Graph attached 
How did you use a spreadsheet to help prepare your data? 
1. I used the data about the amount of sleep I have had over the period of 10 days. After that I had traced the same over this graph and added a few visualizations of my own.

How did you format your chart to help you analyze your data? 
2. Late I created a trend line that showed the average amount of sleep that I have had over the period of 11 days. I also made the graph 3d and changed a few colors in the visualisation depending upon the hours hours I had slept that day.

Important links
Google cheatsheet - https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9300022
Microsoft Excel help - https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/excel-video-training-9bc05390-e94c-46af-a5b3-d7c22f6990bb
Postgre SQL - https://towardsdatascience.com/sql-cheat-sheet-776f8e3189fa

USe of Visualisations
These days I am trying to improve my pace while I am running. I am adding a km Every week in two intervals. Apart from that in the remaining 3 days I am trying to increase my pace on every one lap circuit. I am using a bar graph that shows the relation between the time and the distance how I have run. I add some visualizations like a trend line to show an average increase or decrease in my daily efforts. Apart from that I am using colors to show improvements from everyday to the days I am maintaining my performance.

I had a pretty good understanding as it was part of my school projects. I have a working knowledge of Tableu and plan to expand on it a little bit. i have worked with R as well so this course will be a good refresher.
