To my understanding the early parts of the project where data is prepared and processed take significantly longer than any other step. Initially the step where we are capturing data could take as long as the entire remaining life cycle of the project. In some of the scenarios we need to collect the data in real time in order to tackle a new issue. In this case we cannot use already existing data and must capture new data over the next period of months.
Similarly in the cases of data process, it is ideal to begin this simultaneously with the preparation stage. This is because over the life cycle the defination of the problem might evolve or change completely. In order to tackle these scenarios we need to clean the data to fit what is needed. Apart from that, this is the state where we should get some validation from the subject matter experts so that analysts mistakenly do not delete something that was meant to be of importance. 
I believe that the other 4 stages are more simpler and serve almost similar uses in different use cases barring a few exceptions.


What is the relationship between the data life cycle and the data analysis process? How are the two processes similar? How are they different?
- The data life cycle is the part of the data analysis. Data life cycle tells us about the changes that data undergoes from the point of being captured to the point it is destroyed. On the other hand the data Analysis tells us about the use of the data in order to support the business needs and getting some valuable insights from the data. The two processes have some similar parts where it is the priority of the people to manage store and secure the data.
What is the relationship between the Ask phase of the data analysis process and the Plan phase of the data life cycle? How are they similar? How are they different?
Ask phase of the analysis process is where the problem statement is defined. Plan phase deals with the kind of data that is needed to answer the problems defined in the Ask Phase. These two are considered as the initial steps of each of their process and rest of the project takes shape across these two. 